          Speaker 0: Hello everyone and welcome to our first podcast.
          Speaker 0: Capital here frog is off we got our first guest and he's here right now how you doing.
          Speaker 1: Hi I am good how are you doing.
          Speaker 2: Good.
          Speaker 0: Thanks.
          Speaker 0: Where are you from.
          Speaker 1: Colorado.
          Speaker 0: Nice that's good to hear do you live by park meadows mall in lone tree Colorado.
          Speaker 2: Don't.
          Speaker 0: Mind me asking I'm into radios like you are and I am really interested in the mall security at park meadows.
          Speaker 1: Yeah I am close to it though.
          Speaker 0: Yeah because I saw you commented on the park meadows mall elevator video on YouTube that's why I asked.
          Speaker 1: Which video.
          Speaker 0: He replied to a comment saying nineteen ninety three on the YouTube channel elevator central one.
          Speaker 1: Yeah because I thought Montgomery cons were invaded in nineteen ninety three.
          Speaker 0: I see thanks for popping in.
          Speaker 1: No problem.
          Speaker 0: All right that was caller one on the list.
          Speaker 0: Anyways you can catch me anytime here maybe this might be deleted but who knows.
          Speaker 0: I have a long story to tell and that will be very soon.
          Speaker 0: But for now I just want to square off with audio video of ours here it is.
          Speaker 2: Global is on the rise.
          Speaker 0: I seen you in Star Wars two you look just like one indeed.
          Speaker 1: Yeah should my true colors in the film so I am made of lego night.
          Speaker 2: Yeah.
          Speaker 0: I see so you don't remember anything.
          Speaker 2: Even the film itself.
          Speaker 1: No I just watched the movie I didn't kill anyone.
          Speaker 0: Then how do you appear in the movie then.
          Speaker 1: I just watched it that's all period.
          Speaker 1: Your very confused Sir.
          Speaker 0: That makes sense well anyways we will talk later when we have doughnuts at the end of this taping to sell.
          Speaker 0: That was confusing indeed tomorrow we will touch in with him.
          Speaker 0: For now I am off this set for filming.
          Speaker 0: Bye bye.